README.md, before:

# vivo-regression-tests - release 2020-04-27
vivo-regression-tests is a Selenium test bench for VIVO

This release includes the migration of test cases from the JUnit framework to TestNG framework.

# Prerequisite

The following prerequisites are necessary for the test bench to function properly:

- Installation of Firefox
- Configure `src/main/resources/runtime.properties` with appropriate credential of commands and `/src/test/resources/runtime.properties` for Tests
  (see also `runtime.properties_example`)
- Configure `log4j.properties` in respective directory for logging parametrization
- Vivo must be clean of sample data (The loading of the test data is assumed by each testcase.)

# Context

- In this release, the test cases concern the non-i18n version (VIVO-1.11.1) and the i18n version for the en_US
- The VIVO Instance is currently running and available at http://localhost:8080/vivo.

# RUN

## For VIVO-1.11.1 - non-i18n

In the root directory, run the command

```
mvn clean verify -Pcore_Test
```

## Run with VIVO with i18n setup

In the root directory, run the command

```
mvn clean verify -Pen_US_Test
```

Commit message:

Create EmailAddressTest, adjusting AddResearchOverviewTest and enrich SampleGraphUtil with helper methods
Managing credential and properties of testbench with SystemProperties in
runtime.properties file

Réorganisation de la structure des cas de test (Voir ReleaseNot.md) et
ajout du cas de test HeadOfFacultyTest

Add SolrPingTest; Reorganization of tests with a TestRunner

Expanded regression testing for en_US; Solr runtime testing; Adjusted
pom.xml for Maven runtime profiling

This release includes the migration of test cases from the JUnit
framework to TestNG framework.

Correcting Minor bug in pom File

pom Ajustment

- Revision of the sample_fr ontology (addition of missing links on
expertises)
- Replacement of Hard Timeout by Implicit Timeout
- Creation of fr_CA_EmailAddressUnitTest, fr_CA_HeadOfFacultyUnitTest,
fr_CA_ResearchOverviewToPersonUnitTest
- DataProvider Implementation in the appropriated classes
- Creation of the i18n package for the implementation of test cases
requiring several languages
- Creation of ResearchOverviewToPersonUnitTest_i18n

README.md, after:

# vivo-regression-tests - release 2020-04-30
vivo-regression-tests is a Selenium test bench for VIVO with testNG

# Prerequisite

The following prerequisites are necessary for the test bench to function properly:

- Installation of Firefox
- Configure `src/main/resources/runtime.properties` with appropriate credential of commands and `/src/test/resources/runtime.properties` for Tests
  (see also `runtime.properties_example`)
- Configure `log4j.properties` in respective directory for logging parametrization
- Vivo must be clean of sample data (The loading of the test data is assumed by each testcase.)
- see also  [ReleaseNote.md](ReleaseNote.md)  for more information

# Context

- In this release, the test cases concern the non-i18n version (VIVO-1.11.1) and the i18n version for the en_US
- The VIVO Instance is currently running and available at http://localhost:8080/vivo.

# RUN

## For VIVO-1.11.1 - non-i18n

In the root directory, run the command

```
mvn clean verify -Pcore_Test
```

## Run with VIVO with i18n setup

In the root directory, run the command

```
mvn clean verify -Pen_US_Test
```
